## Creating
/employeeList an /employeeList/employeeId
* employee Details

* getStaticProps and getStaicPaths

* how they work on build command 

## fallback in getStaicPaths

# fallback

* fallback : true,
* fallback : false ,
* fallback : `blocking`,

## fallback : false

# getStaticPaths fallback : false

* The paths returned from getStaticPaths will be rendered to HTML at build time by getStaticProps .
* If fallback is set to false, then any paths not returned by getStaticPaths will result in 404 page .


## fallback : true

# getStaticPaths fallback : true

* The paths returned from getStaticPaths will be rendered to HTML at build time by getStaticProps .
* The paths that have not been generated at build time will not result in 404 page.Instaed Next.Js will serve a "fallback' version of the page on the first request to such a path.
* In background, Next.Js will statistically generate the requested path HTML and JSON. This includes running getStaticProps.

 * The fallback verstion liooks like at  before render.

 if(router.isFallback){
    return <h1>Loading ...</h1>
 }

* When that's done, the browser recives the JS0N for the generated path. This will be used to automatically render the page with the required props. From the user's perspective, the page will be swapped from the fallback page to the full page.
* At the same time, Next.Js keeps track of the new list of pre-rendered at build time.

## The question is what happence when there is error in api like any kind

we can do this in getStaticProps just by adding notFound

if(!data.id){
   return {
      notFound:true,
   }
}

* IF WE DONT DO THIS, PAGE RETURNS FALLBACK PAGE


## what happence with data on prefetching with the link tag when fallback is true..?

* when fallback id true besides the getStaticPaths like i mean if we inspect the static generated pages on build it still show the pages generated by getStaticPaths 
* but prefething data will be available to the network even before and data will be add on by scrolling and this will also be reflect in static generated pages .

## WHN WE DO HAVE TO USE FALLBACK TO TRUE ?
* The true value is most suitable if your app has large number of static pages that depend on data like a large e-commerce site .
* you do want all product pages to be pre-rendered but if you have few thousend products, builds can take a really long time.
* You may statically generate small subset of products that are really popular and use the rest with fallback-true .
* When someone request request a page that's not generated yet, the user will see the page with a loading indicator .
* Shortly after,getStaticProps finished and the page will be rendered with requested data . From then onwords, everyone who request the same page will get the statically generates page.

